yeah I mean I have a producer and I'm a
brand new producers my first movie and
there are issues between the music
company and the musicians and when our
store Loki you know we need this dis
disclosed over there and you have to go
get it site okay take care my love it
was laid out and asked us what a CLA
what do you think you're like first he
starts comin at me all day
his clothes come from Europe then the
benefit of this thank you for my party
has an artist what I sign this as
perfectly it's completely unfair but I
said okay let's not have that there LS
negotiated just akarin testicles and
thing and tell figure of Mary film
release give up a billion or of you can
make your child he took nice and
providing them in my guess in their
legitimate way they arrived because
there is a deal equal to the studio and
the music companies well memories
knowledge to Dubya in music company V M
so camera remote a was Marie I mean we
have to address these issues but you to
be legal people who putana
they have such language and so many
papers and at the a limit we forget the
issue and you only know about their
language in the papers you know when
it's ridiculous we the one logic is
personal family apart from the every
platform any music 20 points me papa
but as I said after Michael Nozick and
nothing luck would you care for a fifty
points are we
I mean anything authorizing is killing
in a farm uses the Charlie not he can
but quality care of their own aggressive
he sees the to charge carrier grab what
you know which is you know haha did you
not be a platform Healy paunch burger or
a cherub track row or spoken he means a
cow or TC conveniently track Caracas
olga panina tiger but artistically booty
distilled a packet by himself out
without any record and that we will give
me now interested in back thank you very
much I don't want you cannot for now I
am gonna take this forward myself either
you compromise either we both come to
contact EK what are your demands
whatever my demise let's have a talk
over it I agree you here platform and
that was my platform I'd film or my
music was very far please only said if I
give you a really bad film and a really
bad music album it won't go far at all
you know and there are there are movies
that have come out which have no big
face to it
no big budget to it but the platform and
very nice is the beginners month that
was I wanted it's done very well was it
done well it was deserved you see for
the gentleman 13 but music for etc
quality other now they've packed that
hill mob because they have to I think
the music was amazing so people loved it
and that film has done well point proved
so how can you deny the artists talent
yeah you got it
why do why do we gave a name for herself
because it gives us quality not we work
hard to make that film so now we you can
tell me you can't perform this without
permission you cannot show this without
permission
what do you mean and now please explain
to me what exactly we said come to the
table negotiating table and talk to us
don't say you know I want to fight I am
a new producer I want I want to work
with I work with all these people over
here I don't want to think what belongs
to you and I don't want you to take what
belongs to me and that's all I'm asking
for
and one more things already won't take
much of your time monopoly monopoly yeah
you can't go anywhere all the people are
meeting whether we radio stations TV
channels thank you so much thank you so
much you know we really respect what you
do so when you support me you know
actually if I did that it is a lot of
what I have we have
it doesn't belong to us so there is
obvious that's what we have purposes
agree as much as I can because without
that publicity I will go and whatever I
done
I have appealed to fellow artists they
have come onto this platform you can't
block this out you can't stop us we
don't need your permission to do this
now we know and we don't need to go that
far to get publicity we get the property
on yourself if a single will say fine I
will bother and sing inside my own
tickets and I won't give that platform I
got myself and pocket by one movie I
don't need a platform